c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2.dll
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2.pdb
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2_Release_ARM.xap
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\AMapSDKV2Comp.winmd
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\Com.AMap.Api.Maps.dll
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\Bin\ARM\Release\AMapSDKV2Comp.dll
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2.g.resources
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2.dll
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2.pdb
c:\users\chunzhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\chunzhi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\PhoneApp2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\chunzhi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp2\PhoneApp2\obj\ARM\Release\Samples\DisplayMap.g.cs
